Konstituente
Wortstellung
Verb
Verum
Normalbetonung
Fokusprojektion
Anapher
Deklarativsatz
Interrogativsatz
SLF
Relativsatz
Konjunkt
Betonung
Subjekt
Topik
Lexikonregel
Pronomen
Komplementierer
Personalpronomen
Fokusexponent
Linkstilgung
SVO
Linksversetzung
Extraktion
som
Hilfsverb
Nominalphrase
Gapping
unmarkiert
Inversionsform
Skopus
Infinitiv
Kopula
Wortfolge
Adverbiale
SOV
Fragesatz
definit
Präpositionalphrase
Satztyp
Konditionalsatz
VSO
kontrastiv
Komplement
V1
nominal
dominant
Implikation
Rhema
Partikel
eingebettet
Konstituentenfolge
HPSG
Anfangsstellung
unbetont
Nachfeld
betont
Fokus
Negation
kongruent
Illokutionstyp
Relativmodus
Prädikat
Imperativsatz
Präfix
satzwertig
Infinitivkonstruktion
Verbzusatz
Nominativ
Akkusativobjekt
Koordination
Verbform
OSV
Hauptakzent
Schema
Kasus
Konjunktion
Präsens
Relativphrase
Kontexttyp
Konstituententype
Satzadverbialen
Extraposition
Projektion
prädikativ
Tiefenstruktur
CELR
Kohärenzfeld
Wortgruppe
indefinit
append
emphatisch
rekursiv
Akkusativ
Endstellung
segmental
NP
Satzglied
Substantiv
normalbetont
Subjektinversion
SfVO
deklarativ
Basisposition
Betonungsmuster
intonation
Wahrheitsbedingung
Generalisierung
anaphorisch
normalisiert
OVS
Präteritum
intonatorisch
Hervorhebung
Einzelsprache
Topologie
idiomatisch
extrahiert
Plural
X2
pragmatisch
morphologisch
fokusprojektiv
Verbprojektion
Thetaraster
SELR
Exklamativ
Projektionsstufe
Hervorhebungseffekt
Selektionseigenschaft
Koreferenz
X1
interrogativ
Interrogativpronomen
Dativobjekt
Operator
GPSG
Satzende
VP
Dativ
Tempus
Verbzweitstellung
Verberststellung
Stellungsregularität
Spracherwerbsdaten
Einheitsplural
rhematisch
transformationell
Gradpartikel
Adverbialen
proleptisch
Imperativ
Flexionsform
Präposition
Adäquatheit
Ergänzungsfrage
OV
VOS
Intonation
Adjunkt
VZ
Partizip
Flexion
normale Abfolge
normale Betonung
topologisches Schema
vorangestelltes Verb
dominante Wortstellung
markierte Abfolge
syntaktische Funktion
konversationelle Maxime
Betonung des Verbs
leere Relativphrase
dominante Stellung
adverbialer Ausdruck
emphatische Betonung
transformationelle Grammatik
betonter Ausdruck
kontrastive Betonung
Deklarativsatz
koordinierende Konjunktion
deklarativer Satz
Skopus der Negation
Stelle der Kopula
neutrale Stellung
implizites Subjekt
mehrfache Extraktion
minimaler Fokus
leere Kategorie
idiomatischer Komplex
kohärente Konstruktion
definite Nominalphrase
koordinierende Partikel
Position des Verbs
freier Relativsatz
verknüpfter Satz
normaler Satzakzent
Subject Condition
psychologisches Subjekt
neutrale Abfolge
adverbiale Bestimmung
reines Diskursphänomen
proleptischer Gebrauch
bekannte Information
leerer Komplementierer
adverbiale Konjunktion